

/0 
Class Timing

Monday: 2-00 - 4-55 

This lab will cover aspects of both how to use the OS services provided for process creation and management, interprocess communication and synchronization, and thread programming, as well as design of some of the OS components. C on Linux will be the primary programming environment.
Reference Books

Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment by Richard Stevens and Stephen Rago
Unix Programming Environment by Kernighan and Pike
You can also buy Unix Network Programming Vol 1 and 2 which will cover both most of what we do here and in Networks. 

There are other books and numerious tutorials on the net, you are free to follow any of them. 

Class Policies

There will be a class every Monday even if no assignment is due. We will discuss topics related to the assignments given as well as topics that want you to know but may not be able to cover in the assignments given the time constraints. Attendance in each lab is mandatory and will count towards your grades.
Discussion on the assignments to better understand the topics/tools etc. is welcome. However, every line of code must be your own. Any copy detected will result in severe penalty to both parties, no excuses. So protect your code and do not share it with friends.
Initial assignments will be done individually, later assignments in groups of 2. For a group assignment, break up the work suitably and ensure that both of you write code, or the group as a whole may be penalized
For any marks related issues, first talk to the TA who has graded your assignment; if you are not satisfied with your marks for an assignment after that, talk to the instructors. 

Enjoy the course and feel free to give feedback at any time. If you need help, ask for help from the TAs or the instructors in time, do not wait till you have fallen behind too much. 

Assignments

TA Assignment to students pre-midsem
Assignment 1 ( Sample codes (zip folder))
Assignment 2 ( Sample codes (zip folder)) (Codes courtesy AD from Spring 2012 OS Lab course by AG and AD)